Pull Request Documentation Quick Demo [5878] (#584)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS: README.md

* [FastRTPSGen manual](http://eprosima-fast-rtps.readthedocs.io/en/latest/geninfo.html)
* [Release notes](http://eprosima-fast-rtps.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes.html)

## Quick Demo

> For those who want to try a quick demonstration of Fast-RTPS libraries, here is a way to launch an example application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those who want to try a quick demonstration of Fast-RTPS libraries on Ubuntu, here is a way to launch an example application.
```

I would say from the very beginning that these instructions are for Ubuntu

> For that, it is necessary to download **docker** application. In Ubuntu, open a terminal and type the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, download and install **docker** application. Open a terminal and type the following command
```

	$ sudo apt-get install docker.io

> Then, you have to download the docker image file from https://eprosima.com/index.php/downloads-all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, download the docker image file from https://eprosima.com/index.php/downloads-all
```

> Load the image and run it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load the image and run it:
```

	$ docker load -i ubuntu-fast-rtps.tar
	$ docker run -it ubuntu-fast-rtps

> You can run as many images as you want and check the communication between them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run as many images as you want and check the communication between them.
```
